	As the archivist at Great Smoky Mountains National Park (GRSM), I will be working with a collection of records that I just finished processing: natural resource research activity permits.  Covering approximately 1963 to 1988, these records include the collecting permits issued, correspondence, and annual reports for all natural resource research in the park.  Tentatively titled “Science in the Park: Natural Resource Research in Great Smoky Mountains National Park, 1963-1988,” my hypothetical project site would let users explore the different scientific research that has taken place in GRSM.  
	
	This site would have a public side with non-restricted information for the general public and a private side with access to restricted records for GRSM staff.  On the public side, users would be able to view the records themselves, a timeline of research, a general map of non-restricted location information, and general descriptions of what is being researched (e.g. salamanders) provided by our resource education staff.  The private side, on the other hand, would include all of this and restricted records (e.g. research on threatened and endangered species, specific location data).  This public vs. private design would be possible using Omeka’s user roles.  Any item marked “private” would only be accessible to those with a login.  GRSM staff would be given a login with “researcher” status that would allow them to view the restricted records.

	In addition, Omeka has several plugins that would be used in the creation of this proposed project.  First, to create the integrated timeline, maps, and text, I would use Neatline, NeatlineText, and NeatlineSimilie.  Next, to allow users to browse by specific metadata (e.g. Cades Cove in location field), I would use Search by Metadata.  Finally, as some metadata fields, rather than records, would be restricted, I would use Hide Elements plugin and designate certain fields to be available only on the private sides (researcher and admin).

	Unfortunately, Dublin Core, Omeka’s primary metadata schema, is not sufficient for scientific metadata.  Important divisions such as taxonomic levels and scientific vs. common names are not supported.  A better fit for this type of metadata would be Simple Darwin Core.  Built on Dublin Core, Darwin Core focuses on biodiversity data.  It’s simplified version would be sufficient for my use.  To use this metadata schema in Omeka, I would need to create a plugin for Simple Darwin Core.  The controlled vocabulary for this schema would be found on the NPSpecies website (if not in the record itself). This additional plugin would provide more detailed and usable information for all users.